app/vmui: fix border colors in light theme (#1497)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): fix browser navigation issues where the UI state didn't update on URL changes. See [#1056](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1056).
* BUGFIX: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): remove extra empty value in `Stream fields` sidebar when selecting all values within a field. See [#1235](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1235).
* BUGFIX: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): fix target log rendering in the `Log context` modal. See [#1199](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1199).

> * BUGFIX: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): fix border colors in the light color scheme when the browser's preferred theme is dark. See [#1473](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1473).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): fix border colors so they follow the theme selected in vmui instead of the browser theme. Previously, borders turned black in the light theme when the browser theme was dark. See [#1473](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1473).
```
